Docs Revamp: Models documentation (#117)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/models-the-hub.md

---
title: The Model Hub
---

<h1>The Model Hub</h1>

## What is the Model Hub?

> The Model Hub is where the members of the Hugging Face community can host all of their model checkpoints for simple storage, discovery, and sharing. Pre-trained models are available to be downloaded using the [`huggingface_hub` client library](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/index) or with [`🤗 transformers`](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/index) for fine-tuning and other usages. You can even leverage the [Inference API](./models-inference) to use models in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Model Hub is where the members of the Hugging Face community can host all of their model checkpoints for simple storage, discovery, and sharing. Download pre-trained models with the [`huggingface_hub` client library](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/index) or with 🤗 [`Transformers`](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/index) for fine-tuning and other usages. You can even leverage the [Inference API](./models-inference) to use models in production.
```
